---
path: "/privacy"
date: "2018-07-01"
title: "Data Privacy"
---

## Disclaimer

### Liability for content

The contents of our pages were created with great care. However, we can not
assume any liability for the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the
content. As a service provider we are responsible for our own content on our
site. However, we do not monitor transmitted or stored third-party information
or investigate circumstances that indicate an illegal activity (eg. manipulation
of our content). Upon notification of appropriate violations, we will remove
this content immediately.

### Liability for links

Our offer contains links to external websites of third parties on whose contents
we have no influence. Therefore, we can not assume any liability for these
external contents. The respective provider or operator of the pages is always
responsible for the contents of the linked pages. The linked pages were checked
for possible legal violations at the time of linking. Illegal content was not
recognizable at the time of linking. However, a permanent content control of
the linked pages is not reasonable without concrete evidence of an infringement.
Upon notification of violations, we will remove such links immediately.

Multiboardfortrello.com’s websites contain links to other websites. We have
checked these links to a reasonable extent. Nevertheless, Multiboardfortrello.com
is not responsible for the contents of and for ensuring data protection on the
sites which we have linked. Upon notification of dangerous links, we will remove
such links immediately.

## Data privacy statement

The use of our website is usually possible without providing personal information.
If we ask for personal data (for example name, address or email addresses) it
takes place on voluntary basis. These data will not be disclosed to third
parties without your explicit consent. More details are described below.

Please note that data transmission over the Internet (for example, when
communicating via e-mail) may have security vulnerabilities. A complete
protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible.

The use of contact data published in the context of the imprint obligation by
third parties for sending unsolicited advertising and information materials is
hereby expressly excluded. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the
right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of
advertising information, such as spam e-mails.

## Which data do we collect

Multiboardfortrello.com analyses the use of its internet presence by means of
the web analysis tools below (eg. Google Analytics). These tools are installed
on the respective web servers of the provider.

## What are cookies?

When you visit our website it is possible that we place information on
your computer in the form of a cookie. Cookies are small text files that are
sent by a web server to your browser and are saved on the hard disk of your
computer. This information has the purpose of automatically recognising you the
next time you visit our website and simplifying the navigation for you. Cookies
enable us for instance to adapt a website to suit your interests. Naturally you
can use our websites without the cookies. If you do not accept cookies, however,
it is possible that this will lead to restrictions of certain functions when
using our website.

You can prevent the saving of cookies by making the appropriate adjustment to
your browser software; we point out, however, that in this case you may possibly
not be able to use all functions of this website in their full extent.

## Cookies of multiboardfortrello.com

The following cookies are set by multiboardfortrell.com and not by a 3rd party
tool (eg. Google Analytics):

- user-has-accepted-cookies: When you use the website you will see a cookie
  policy notice. By using our website (eg. interacting with it) you agree
  with our cookie policy. The cookie notice bar will stay at the top of
  the window as long as the user clicks on the "Ok" button. At this point the
  cookie is set.

## Data that is collected by 3rd party tools

### Google Analytics

Multiboardfortrello.com uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service
provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”,
which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website
analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the
cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will
be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United
States.

In case of activation of the IP anonymization (which we activated),
Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for
Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to
the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional
cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers
in the USA.

On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for
the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports
on website activity for website operators and providing other services
relating to website activity and internet usage to the website
provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other
data held by Google.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate
settings on your browser. However, Multiboardfortrello.com points out
that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality
of this website.

Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data
(cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser
plug-in available under [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).

Or you deactivate it with a DoNotTrack Cookie: <a href="javascript:gaOptout();">Deactive Google Analytics</a>.

## How can you contact Multiboardfortrello.com regarding data protection?

The user can address questions, suggestions or requests concerning data
processing to the following contact:

Stefan Natter @Twitter: https://twitter.com/natterstefan

## Changes and/or alterations to the data privacy statement

Multiboardfortrello.com will inform the user every time changes and/or
alterations are made to the data privacy statement on this page.

Most recent updating of the data privacy statement: 2018-07-05.
